[Intro Animation]
Hello, my name is Hannah, and welcome to my little corner of our website.
[What inspired you to pursue graphic design?]
I think I always had this brewing. Now that I'm here, I’ve sort of looked back at when I was growing up,
and I used to design fonts in notepads, and I designed my first logo when I was in grade five.
Um, it was horrendous! It was a basketball with some flames, very original, but I was very proud of it.
It was for like a sports club team thing in elementary school.
I considered doing it right out of high school and actually looked at Algonquin college specifically.
But, um, I was fortunate to be able to go to university and get that experience and, you know, be able to pursue other passions and learn about them and grow in that way.
And so I did that and I enjoyed it a lot, but I don't think I really had a plan necessarily after university.
And so I worked a few varying different jobs, and noticed after a while that in every job I had, I was trying to do some sort of art themed, something?
Like I, I worked, um, at a retail shop and was painting displays in the windows.
I worked at a charity and was given a graphic novel project, which I absolutely loved and then was, you know, making postcards and doing all these things.
And, you know, after a while I sort of noticed, okay, so. This is the thing that I clearly want to be doing with my time.
So maybe I should just commit to it and do it already.
And so that's what I did! And I'm very happy that I made that choice.
Because I feel simpatico with my younger self who was trying to tell me that this is what I should be doing.
And I, uh, I've made it here in the end, so that's good.
[What does graphic design mean to you?]
I really like that it gives you the chance to be clever.
Obviously I love the artistic aspect and the communication piece, because I think that it's nice that there's sort of a way that we can write our own universal language in the visuals and things that we come up with.
And it's really fun to be able to share that with clients too.
And you know, you spend so much time looking at something and then when it finally clicks and you get that last puzzle piece in.
It just is so satisfying.
I also just appreciate that, you know, everyone needs it?
You can do it from anywhere, um, and it, yeah, it really is just sort of a universal sort of thing.
On a personal side, I really appreciate that it allows me to pursue the interests and values that I have with the skill I have to offer.
It's important to me that I can do this thing that I enjoy and have the skills to do, to support causes and other pieces that I really think are important.
I hope you like what you see here, and I hope that you enjoy what my peers are up to as well!
And, uh, yeah, just thanks so much for coming to our virtual grad show, and, uh, yeah.
I hope you have a lovely day!
*Singing* Let’s hope this one is better!
[Outro Animation]